Contributing is easy, just fork the project on Github and send a pull-request
when your changes are ready.

The core technical team of the LSB working group will review the pull request
and once agreement is reached (2 or more +1) the request will be merged. The
core technical team with repository commit access will abide by the same rules,
i.e. members with commit access will send pull requests to allow public review
of proposed changes.

The repository is structured into two major categories, documents and tests.
The documents directory is structured to follow the work flow, problem
statement -> proposed solution -> solution, the details are outlined below. The
testing directory is structured to differentiate tests to their applicability,
for example an interface test for glibc would be found in tests/glibc and
tests that address distribution concerns, such as identifying the vendor are
located in tests/distro. 

documents/problems
  - contains text files following the template (specification.tmpl) with
    a completed Problem Statement section.
  - the documents describe a problem that affects many or all distributions
    and makes it difficult to treat the distributions as one platform from
    an ISV developer or administrative point of view. Differences in packaging
    generally do not fall into this category.

documents/proposals
  - contains text files following the template (specification.tmpl) with
    a completed Problem Statement and a completed Proposed Solution section.
  - the documents describe the proposed solution to the problem statement,
    that will function as the starting point of a discussion in the respective
    distribution development communities. Links to the mailing list discussions
    are to be included.

documents/specifications
  - contains text files following the template (specification.tmpl) with
    a completed Problem Statement and a completed Solution section.
  - the documents describe the consensus solution to the problem statement.
    In most cases the "Proposed Solution" section can be renamed to
    "Solution". The links to the mailing list discussions during the proposal
    phase are to remain.
  - contains a list of distributions that have pledged to abide by this
    specification and integrate the appropriate unit test into their QA suite
  - contains the name(s) of the tests verifying the solution implementation.

tests/distro
  - contains tests that verify distribution level specifications, such as
    the identification of the distribution vendor.
