LSB Specification Proposal

Problem Statement:
------------------

For administrators and certain types of applications it is important to have
a cross distribution consistent naming policy for system created users. In
certain cases it is also important to have a consistent user and group ids
(UID & GID) for system created users.

The various available cloud frameworks such as OpenStack, openNebula,
CloudStack, and Eucalyptus come to mind. All cloud frameworks have services
running on all the nodes in a cluster that comprises the cloud on the hardware
side. It is generally possible to configure image sharing in these frameworks
via NFS and thus the user name, UID, and GID need to match on all installations
to provide the proper access permissions. This requirement reduces to
consistent user names with NFSv4, but the adoption rate of NFSv4 is unknown.
Additionally services for cloud frameworks may be configured in an HA
environment and may not tolerate fail-over with UID transitioning.

In an environment where LDAP is used system administrators may pre-create
system users through the LDAP mechanism. This is difficult if different
user names and UID as well as GID implementations exist across various
distributions.

Last but not least system users, i.e. names created through distribution
provided packages, may collide with names created for "regular" system
users. A common pattern for user names on Unix systems is to combine
letters of the users name, many combinations of first and last name letters
are in use. This may lead to combinations that may overlap with system user
names. Sharing a user name between a system user and a person user leads
to surprising or even security relevant misbehavior as the daemon user
may write to files in the real user's home or vice versa.

A cross distribution solution will also give upstream projects an avenue to
determine user names when needed and ensure that distributions are consistent
eliminating one potential source of issues for upstream projects


(Proposed) Solution:
--------------------

Add a detailed description of the proposed solution in this section. Detailed
implementation suggestions are welcome. Be as specific as possible to provide
a good technical basis for discussion on the various distribution mailing
lists.

Solution Discussion Links:
--------------------------

Provide links to at least 3 distribution mailing lists where this topic has
been discussed.


Solution Rational:
------------------

Provide a brief description how the documented solution was derived.


Distributions Support:
----------------------

A list of distributions that have pledged to adhere to this specification and
integrate the test into their QA suite.


Verification Test:
------------------

tests/distro/userNames.py
tests/distro/groupNames.py
